website/source/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscaling_lifecycle_hooks.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_autoscaling_lifecycle_hook"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-resource-autoscaling-lifecycle-hook"
description: |-
  Provides an AutoScaling Lifecycle Hooks resource.
---

# aws\_autoscaling\_lifecycle\_hook

Provides an AutoScaling Lifecycle Hook resource.

## Example Usage

```
resource "aws_autoscaling_group" "foobar" {
    availability_zones = ["us-west-2a"]
    name = "terraform-test-foobar5"
    health_check_type = "EC2"
    termination_policies = ["OldestInstance"]
    tag {
        key = "Foo"
        value = "foo-bar"
        propagate_at_launch = true
    }
}

resource "aws_autoscaling_lifecycle_hook" "foobar" {
    name = "foobar"
    autoscaling_group_name = "${aws_autoscaling_group.foobar.name}"
    default_result = "CONTINUE"
    heartbeat_timeout = 2000
    lifecycle_transition = "autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING"
    notification_metadata = <<EOF
{
  "foo": "bar"
}
EOF
    notification_target_arn = "arn:aws:sqs:us-east-1:444455556666:queue1*"
    role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/S3Access"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lifecycle hook.
* `autoscaling_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Auto Scaling group to which you want to assign the lifecycle hook
* `default_result` - (Optional) Defines the action the Auto Scaling group should take when the lifecycle hook timeout elapses or if an unexpected failure occurs. The value for this parameter can be either CONTINUE or ABANDON. The default value for this parameter is ABANDON.
* `heartbeat_timeout` - (Optional) Defines the amount of time, in seconds, that can elapse before the lifecycle hook times out. When the lifecycle hook times out, Auto Scaling performs the action defined in the DefaultResult parameter
* `lifecycle_transition` - (Optional) The instance state to which you want to attach the lifecycle hook. For a list of lifecycle hook types, see [describe-lifecycle-hook-types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/autoscaling/describe-lifecycle-hook-types.html#examples)
* `notification_metadata` - (Optional) Contains additional information that you want to include any time Auto Scaling sends a message to the notification target.
* `notification_target_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the notification target that Auto Scaling will use to notify you when an instance is in the transition state for the lifecycle hook. This ARN target can be either an SQS queue or an SNS topic.
* `role_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the IAM role that allows the Auto Scaling group to publish to the specified notification target.

Commit message:

docs/aws: Document initial_lifecycle_hook in aws_autoscaling_group
This is a useful feature that seems to have been added in September,
with 7dd7078, but has not yet been documented.

website/source/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscaling_lifecycle_hooks.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_autoscaling_lifecycle_hook"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-resource-autoscaling-lifecycle-hook"
description: |-
  Provides an AutoScaling Lifecycle Hooks resource.
---

# aws\_autoscaling\_lifecycle\_hook

Provides an AutoScaling Lifecycle Hook resource.

~> **NOTE:** Terraform has two types of ways you can add lifecycle hooks - via
the `initial_lifecycle_hook` attribute from the 
[`aws_autoscaling_group`](/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscaling_group.html)
resource, or via this one. Hooks added via this resource will not be added
until the autoscaling group has been created, and depending on your
[capacity](/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscaling_group.html#waiting-for-capacity)
settings, after the initial instances have been launched, creating unintended
behavior. If you need hooks to run on all instances, add them with
`initial_lifecycle_hook` in
[`aws_autoscaling_group`](/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscaling_group.html),
but take care to not duplicate those hooks with this resource.

## Example Usage

```
resource "aws_autoscaling_group" "foobar" {
    availability_zones = ["us-west-2a"]
    name = "terraform-test-foobar5"
    health_check_type = "EC2"
    termination_policies = ["OldestInstance"]
    tag {
        key = "Foo"
        value = "foo-bar"
        propagate_at_launch = true
    }
}

resource "aws_autoscaling_lifecycle_hook" "foobar" {
    name = "foobar"
    autoscaling_group_name = "${aws_autoscaling_group.foobar.name}"
    default_result = "CONTINUE"
    heartbeat_timeout = 2000
    lifecycle_transition = "autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING"
    notification_metadata = <<EOF
{
  "foo": "bar"
}
EOF
    notification_target_arn = "arn:aws:sqs:us-east-1:444455556666:queue1*"
    role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/S3Access"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the lifecycle hook.
* `autoscaling_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Auto Scaling group to which you want to assign the lifecycle hook
* `default_result` - (Optional) Defines the action the Auto Scaling group should take when the lifecycle hook timeout elapses or if an unexpected failure occurs. The value for this parameter can be either CONTINUE or ABANDON. The default value for this parameter is ABANDON.
* `heartbeat_timeout` - (Optional) Defines the amount of time, in seconds, that can elapse before the lifecycle hook times out. When the lifecycle hook times out, Auto Scaling performs the action defined in the DefaultResult parameter
* `lifecycle_transition` - (Optional) The instance state to which you want to attach the lifecycle hook. For a list of lifecycle hook types, see [describe-lifecycle-hook-types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/autoscaling/describe-lifecycle-hook-types.html#examples)
* `notification_metadata` - (Optional) Contains additional information that you want to include any time Auto Scaling sends a message to the notification target.
* `notification_target_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the notification target that Auto Scaling will use to notify you when an instance is in the transition state for the lifecycle hook. This ARN target can be either an SQS queue or an SNS topic.
* `role_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the IAM role that allows the Auto Scaling group to publish to the specified notification target.
